How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
  * Different modules should be created such that they only do one thing, and these modules should be commented and formatted so that any future programmer can easily understand why the code is written the way it is. In the CRUD module, a class was created that includes create, read, edit, and delete functions for a MongoDB database. This module can then be imported to any project that needs to use these functions, thus reducing the amount of redundant code to write. 
  
How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
  * The standard approach to any project is to understand the problem before taking steps to address it. In the instance of the Grazioso Salvare dashboard, they wanted a dashboard that could filter out specific breeds and ages of dogs from the database depending on the chosen type of intended training. The approach in solving this was relatively similar as past projects, but with a few differences specifically in regard to the database structure. The first step was to ensure the user was connected to the proper database and they were able to edit the documents, rather than actually building the dashboard. 
  
What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
  * Computer scientists take a problem and develop an efficient solution through the use of programming languages. Assuming Grazioso Salvare did not request to have this dashboard built they would have had to hire multiple people to skim through the AAC.csv file, which contained over 10000 animals. This would obviously take a significant amount of time even assuming no new animals were added.
